they didn't believe me in 2020 they
didn't believe me in 2022 and here we
are moving into
2024 what do you think's going to happen
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you I was able to tell
you what happened before it did not
because of a crystal ball but simply
I've read The Playbook and when you do
so you are able to see what happens
right before it does in today's video
I'm going to explain exactly what's
going on in that Playbook so that you
can make the best decisions for yourself
how does that sound I want to talk to
you today about the Federal Reserve and
I'm going to look at the past in what
has happened related to interest rates
and knowing that you can see that we are
at the edge right at the edge of
something major coming some are saying
in March of 2024 it's just around the
corner so let's begin by taking a look
at this it takes eight months on average
from the last rate hike to the First
Rate cut so March that's right you could
see the data being pulled up right here
even what they uh call the FED Whisperer
Nick timos the October payroll report
and inflation report strongly suggests
that the fed's last rate rise was in
July the big debate at the next fed
meeting is shaping up to be whether and
how to modify the post meeting state to
reflect the obvious they don't need to
actually do any more work right that's
what this is all about now I was telling
people way back when it seems like
forever but that during these periods of
time we would see higher inflation and
the Federal Reserve was going to
increase interest rates I was called a
fool I was told I was called every name
in the book and what happened they
increased interest rates this did happen
this did occur after a period of
euphoria we saw the inflation finally
coming through I was told it was
transitory inflation was transitory and
I I laughed at it and I laughed at it
but then I realized that this isn't any
laughing matter because people believe
it and the YouTubers would pass that
down into their other people until they
flip-flopped and then they started you
know going oh no no you know that's not
what I said BL blah and they went
through it and that's truly unfortunate
because uh you can't just flip-flop but
apparently U you can for some people but
anyway this just tells us that we are in
for a wild ride coming why is that
because if we are going into rate Cuts
you thought inflation was bad
before just wait just wait because it's
going to be the enabler it's going to be
the gasoline on the fire and it will
fuel the Flames of the inflation we are
already experiencing look you can use
CPI and core p C and all that nonsense
but everybody I know goes to the store
and says man these things cost a lot and
that's the case services and goods
12-month rolling number of global
Central Bank hikes and cuts we are now
seeing the cuts happen and we are no
longer seeing the hikes overall okay
globally you look around this is what's
happening take a look at this chart and
this has already begun my timing is
impeccable not because of some you know
there's nothing to me I'm looking at the
raw data I don't have anybody that I
watch personally I don't do that I don't
have any of them none zero and I look at
only raw data and so this has been the
case over this period of time and this
is the world that we are living in a
more inflationary environment you cut
rates you create inflation you print
money you create inflation
let's be honest and why should we deny
this it's I'm I'm I'm talking like this
and I'm losing my I'm losing my mind
here because it seems so obvious to me
and yet I see this happen all the time I
look in my analytics and it shows me all
the videos it says your subscribers are
watching this and I read the title and I
look at the thumbnail and I and
I those who didn't listen to 2020 those
who didn't listen in 2022 for 2024
please pay attention to this I'm going
to show you these details that you need
to know that will make you a better
investor that will make you better
prepared for what's
coming here we go total rate actions
from 81 central banks across the globe
more Cuts now than hikes for the first
time since January of 2021 and this is
the case we can experience this over a
period of time and it it shows us what
has happened that we are now moving into
easier policy why because they're saying
inflation has come down to a degree and
the economies generally around the world
are you know not as strong as they were
before that's usually What's um what
I've seen anyway the FED gave no
indication of a possible rate cut at the
last meeting that's true that is
absolutely true but as the FED whisper
says we watch this and realize no they
they don't do that they they never do
that they start to twist their
statements slowly but surely first is
the Fed whisper he comes out he says a
few things and then we move into all
right now oh they changed that wording
they change that wording okay now we're
going to start uh Cuts soon eventually
we're going to do it eventually they
they react how does the market react
let's see it let what happens with bonds
they want the bond market to do half of
the lifting the heavy lifting they don't
want to it to all be done by the Federal
Reserve they didn't want to bring
interest rates up to more than 10% right
they wanted the bond market they wanted
slowness to occur sort of automatically
let's say fed hikes after long pauses
are rare so it is possible it is
possible that you go into another event
and they have to increase again just
like they did in the 1970s for instance
yes it's possible but not likely all
right and so this is the uh last hike
you can see that um comparing that at
the next hike where it was how long the
pause was shows us on the on the right
hand side there and so this time around
some people are saying that okay they'll
stop for a while and then they're just
going to hike again my thoughts on this
are number one anything is possible
there's no question about it but what do
we know about Central Bankers it's that
they want to create more inflation doing
this creates a divide in between the
rich and the poor and so who do they
serve you and I right no not exactly
they serve their masters and so when we
see it during these time frames
historically unless we can see a major
surge in inflation where it's just going
off the wall I'm not talking about 2020
by the way because they never wanted to
claim that oh that's supply chain that
all that that's all supply chain stuff
it doesn't have anything to do with the
fact that we pumped out 40% of all
currency in circulation in like a year
and a half nothing to do with that they
they think you are stupid they think you
are so stupid that they can do whatever
they want and get away with it I know
you and I aren't part of that but the
general
public they believed it they thought
inflation was
transitory I mean that that shows you
what what's going on look Washington
blinks as debt costs begin to bite
increase spending on entitlements and
interest could snowball in the coming
decades putting pressure on Washington
to ACT earlier to rain in the deficits
how can they do that what like what
what's an option that they have ah if
they cut interest rates those interest
payments like you would have a mortgage
payment like you would have a credit
card payment those would decline and so
you see they're being
squeezed right now and so perhaps we can
see this for not just because of the
consumer they don't want to help the
consumer they don't care about the
consumer but they help their friends and
of course perhaps they can do so through
monetizing the debt print up the money
and buy that debt up that would create
massive inflation we've seen this before
in history so do you see where I'm going
with this I hope you do I've been
bringing this information each and every
single day I hope that you would join me
here if you want information on
particular stocks and you want to be
able to read into this um really well
well then you need some extra resources
one of those is Seeking Alpha I'm not
talking about the you know the generic
Seeking Alpha website you'll see some
articles out there you got to get the
best stuff so this happens to be the
alphapix part of their website and you
could see on the right hand side this is
their portfolio and how it is clearly
outperformed the S&P which has done very
well but it has outperformed that if you
can believe it or not and so um very
clearly they have some very good
information to share I'll put the link
in the description they've got their
sale going on right now you definitely
want to check that out the affiliate
link is down below and of course the
comment of the day I believe you however
one would never know anything concerning
spending money was a problem here in
Southwest Florida that's all they do
they are retirees yes for some people
they are spending like it's the end of
the world they don't want to you know
basically stop and so that's the economy
it's always a mixed bag what do you see
what do you think about that I really
like to know let's get that conversation
going as always hit that thumbs up if
you want to support the channel and
don't forget to come back tomorrow and
I'll bring you the latest and greatest
take care